add note callout regarding multiple OIDC providers (#2646)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.18/operations/control-access/auth.md

The Sensu OIDC provider is tested with [Okta][51] and [PingFederate][52].

{{% notice note %}}

> **NOTE**: Defining multiple OIDC providers defined can lead to inconsistent authentication behavior. Use `sensuctl auth list` to verify that only one authentication provider of type `OIDC` is defined. Use `sensuctl auth delete $NAME` to remove excess OIDC provider configurations by name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Defining multiple OIDC providers can lead to inconsistent authentication behavior.
Use `sensuctl auth list` to verify that only one authentication provider of type `OIDC` is defined.
If more than one OIDC auth provider configuration is listed, use `sensuctl auth delete $NAME` to remove the extra OIDC configurations by name.
```
